Update README.md (#1161)
flox/flox: README.md

flox [my-project] $ exit    # <- Exit environment 💃.
```

## ❓ Why

> Modern developers build software on top of a dynamic set of tools,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We all build software on top of a dynamic set of tools,
```

> frameworks and packages, allowing them to move quickly and only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frameworks and packages, allowing us to move quickly and only
```

build what’s necessary. However, each new wave of dev tooling
innovation results in an entirely new set of dependencies that
need to be managed. What starts as a simple app or microservice

> quickly grows complex, and developers find themselves dealing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quickly grows complex, and
```

> with the realities of a constantly expanding and diverse supply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
turns into a expanding and fragmented supply
```

chain. Flox brings reproducibility and consistency to complex
software development lifecycles.

## 📘 Origins

Flox began its life during the deployment of Nix at

> The D. E. Shaw Group, where it quickly proved invaluable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the D. E. Shaw group, where it quickly proved invaluable
```
